Lets call this this Social Media Encoder V1.0 !

Please download me, and keep adding on to me, it the Open Source way.
Please do that, so my bandwidth does not get crazy as well ;-)

Enjoy:

Here is, sort of, how this all works:

Modes of encryption: XOR-Password (weak), DES (some what secure), 
    - AES (a little more secure). NOTE: every word is encrypted with this method,
    so it is less secure compared to if the whole stream was encoded in one 
    go/block. You can change this behavior via enc.js file to break 
    compatibility with this version of course, but maybe that's the goal. 

A long Date Stamp is added as a key, if a password is supplied it is used 
with this time stamp.

Every word, is added to an array of words by breaking on spaces.
Then the array removes duplicate words, then sorts in reverse order.

A words file is used to encode commonly used words into a number, so it skips 
being added to the unique words array and that way it does not need to be in
the output of the encoded message...kind of... If you modify words.js file, 
you'll break compatibility with this version of course, but maybe 
that's the goal. 

The Date/Time Stamp is added as an Object to JSON, then its BASE64 encoded.
Along, with the order in which words were said done using numbers and 
words file array name if a common word. This meta-data is added, such as 
mode of encoding method as well, so users do not need to know that.

You can use the cypher text in an email, social platform that allows a lot lot
of charters to be used. NOT twitter. 

If you feel up to this challenge, you could make a web site that stores the 
cypher text in a database, and does a small URL to the message with the 
decoder JavaScript... all you would need to do is include the all.min.js, then
have language of your choice, PHP. Do Database of your choice, and do an SQL 
Select, then read the output to my JavaScript via do_dec(text, pwd) function. 
I'd love that, as a link could be stated in your image or message in the clear
and would be way easier for the end users!

--------------------------------------------------------------
If you modify the JavaScript files, run gulp.
If the vendor files are too old, run composer.
--------------------------------------------------------------

If you have your own site, please use this project and change the image that is
downloaded called sample.png to reflect your sites URL and brand/humor/meme.

For the image Steganography to work requires an image, any valid image. 

A file called make_sample.php can be used to add text to the sample image, or
just use GIMP or Adobe Photoshop, etc... to do that.
